README.md, before:

# ShipGame
There is a ship that travels through the arctic dodging moving ice bergs. You move the ship to avoid the obstacles, and as the levels progress, the ice bergs get bigger and move faster. Also, the ship you control has a shrink gun to reduce the size of all ice bergs in the vicinity in front of the ship. You have to get 5 near misses of ice bergs, in order to activate the shrink gun and shoot it once. Once you shoot the gun, you have to get 5 near misses again to activate it. Controls: WASD to move and space bar to shoot.
In addition to getting near misses and getting through as many levels as possible, there are coins that are sparsely spread throughout the levels. There is a shop, where you can buy different ships with the coins.
For multiplayer modes, there would be two ships, one being controlled by WASD and the other being controlled by the arrow keys. The last person standing wins the game.
There are multiple ships (sprites) in the shop to buy.
The ship has a total of three lives, so the number of lives (which will be displayed as hearts) will be displayed during play. Also, the total number of coins and the level will be displayed during play as well.
The one experimental feature of the game is that there are mines that start to appear as the levels get higher, which immediately ends the game, regardless of how many lives you have.

Commit message:

Fixing the README
Making it legible.

Also creating the tech specs file

README.md, after:

# ShipGame
There is a ship that travels through the arctic dodging moving icebergs. You move the ship to avoid the obstacles, and as the levels progress, the icebergs get bigger and move faster.

Shrink Gun
The ship you control has a shrink gun to reduce the size of all icebergs in the vicinity in front of the ship.
You have to get 5 near misses of icebergs, in order to activate the shrink gun and shoot it once. Once you shoot the gun, you have to get 5 near misses again to activate it. Controls: WASD to move and space bar to shoot.

Coins
There are coins that are sparsely spread throughout the levels. There is a shop, where you can buy different ships with the coins.

Multiplayer
For multiplayer modes, there would be two ships, one being controlled by WASD and the other being controlled by the arrow keys. The last person standing wins the game.
There are multiple ships (sprites) in the shop to buy.

Lives
The ship has a total of three lives, so the number of lives (which will be displayed as hearts) will be displayed during play. Also, the total number of coins and the level will be displayed during play as well.

Experimental
The one experimental feature of the game is that there are mines that start to appear as the levels get higher, which immediately ends the game, regardless of how many lives you have.
